Add note on Docker image retaining strategy (#172)
wso2/docs-updates: en/docs/updates/how-to-use-docker-images-to-receive-updates.md

  5. Use this image in other deployments as required.<br>

!!! Note

>     <ins>Docker Image Release Frequency</ins> : Docker images with updates are <strong>released weekly</strong> to the [WSO2 Private Docker registry](https://docker.wso2.com/). Therefore, you will not find continuous update-level tags in the docker images added in the WSO2 Docker registry.  Furthemore registry retains only the latest Docker images, and older images are periodically removed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <ins>Docker Image Release Frequency</ins> : Docker images with updates are <strong>released weekly</strong> to the [WSO2 Private Docker registry](https://docker.wso2.com/). Therefore, you will not find continuous update-level tags in the docker images added in the WSO2 Docker registry.  Furthermore, the registry retains only the latest Docker images, with older images being periodically removed.
```
